Now we have to card look now as a next thing let's fix the buttons and that's something I already showed
you.
So definitely your chance to positive video and do it on your own.
I want to make sure that the buttons have the equal size they shouldn't take the full away level with
but they should have an equal size which makes sure that the text fits in there and well that they're
equally sized.
So your chance to pass the video there after we'll do this together where are you successful.
Let's make sure the buttons have the same size and for this in the start game screen where I have the
buttons you learn that the solution is to wrap the buttons in a view so you have to add your own view
component around the buttons.
And now you can assign a style to these buttons so to both buttons here and I'll use a button object
in my styles object down there.
So let's add a button here and simply give that a width and here a without shoes is let's say 80.
Let's see what this looks like if I save this a bit too small as it seems since there is a line break
in this button.
So let's go with one hundred and twenty now that's certainly too much.
So how about 100 and that looks pretty neat to me.
Now in addition and that was not a task for a user no worries if you didn't do that.
I want to change their colors and one of the colors should be our main color.
And I also want to set up some some accent and some secondary colors so to say which we can use
so for that back in the start game screen component on the button itself there is a color prop which
you can set to control the color.
And for Android that's the background color for ISIS that will be the text color and now the reset button
there.
I want to set up a color of hash 7 1 7 FC.
That's a nice color I think.
And for the main button the confirm button I'll use my main theme and I want to use the same color I
used in the header.
So there I have this Hex code used as a background color.
I'll use the same color here for this second button though was dead we can save this and now we got
these two button colors here which shall looks quite nice in my opinion.
Now one downside of this approach or one thing we can improve is that I'm using this hex code here I'm
using it in the header and chances are dead later in the app.
We want to use the same color in other places too.
So would be nice if we could set this up as kind of of a theme.
You could say that we could easily use these colors without copying hex codes across our app and then
we can also change the color in one place if we ever want to use a different color and we don't have
to do that in dozens of components.
And for that I'll use a approach where I'll add a new folder on the root level and I'll name it Constance
and as always you can name these folders whatever you want.
And then there I want to have a colors J.S. file again his name can also be named whatever you want
because what this file will do is it will export a default javascript object will export of javascript
object and in there you can have any key value pairs you want and all set up a primary color.
So just primary as a key name and this should be this hex code which I just copied so does header color
also and accent or a secondary whatever you want to name it.
I'll go with accent color and that should be does Amber color which I used on the first button.
So this hex code here I'll use Dad in here.
Now these colors are defined here and we can now simply import them from this file and whenever we change
them here they're changing everywhere in his application and we can every easily swap this during development.
So now in a start game screen we can just go ahead and import colors from constants colors like this.
And I gave it as a capital C here to kind of indicate that this is a collection of of values.
You can name whatever you want.
You can also use a lowercase c that naming doesn't matter.
And now you can use colors here to assign your well colors.
So for it is reset button will now use at the naming values so that we can reach out to colors dot accent
and here for the main button for to confirm button I'll go with colors dot primary and the same in the
header they are of course we now all want to use that color and not hardcoded in here.
Instead import colors from constants constants colors.
And with that imported You can also use that in the style sheet not just in J as x you can use it anywhere
in that file after all.
So now here all refer to colors dot primary and if you save that again we have the same look as before
but yet again in a never more elegant way where if you ever decide that your accent color should not
be this color but should be blue you just swap it here your app is rebuilt and you have a blue button.
So that is the huge advantage of managing your colors or other core constants in such files you could
have a number of file named text for example where you have some core fund sizes or another file spacing
where you stored default values for margins or padding so that you don't manually have to use the same
values over and over again.
These are all approaches you can use to make your life as a developer easier and to have code where
you can quickly swap values if you need to.
For now I'll just manage my colors in there because that's one of the things that is most annoying to
copy around and it's a really great approach to offer to manage it in such a file.